feat(gorgone): allow to disable shell interpretation when executing command (#2419)
centreon/centreon-collect: gorgone/docs/modules/centreon/autodiscovery.md

## Configuration

| Directive                 | Description                                                                                                     | Default value |
|:--------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| global\_timeout           | Time in seconds before a discovery command is considered timed out                                              | `300`         |

> | check\_interval           | Time in seconds defining frequency at which results will be search for                                          | `15`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| check\_interval           | Time in seconds defining the frequency at which results will be searched for                                          | `15`          |

```

> | no\_shell\_interpretation | don't let bash interpret commands to be executed ('true' :  no interpretation, 'false': bash honnor `; & $()` ) | `true`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| no\_shell\_interpretation | Don't let bash interpret commands to be executed ('true' :  no interpretation, 'false': bash honnor `; & $()` ) | `true`        |

```
